Xiuxiu
Do you think the woman in this painting looks like you?
This is Bao Mei
So they look similar.
But look, I have this mole on my face.
She did not
Is that right? I have already asked Brother Zeming before coming.
He said that the family of Xu Zhifu guaranteed by Ding
Only the word I
i
Well, to tell you the truth
Fu Jinxiu, this woman is me
Am I not Hao Nanfeng?
Sometimes playing a woman is also an emotion
I'll give you one more chance.
Who are you to distance yourself from?
For what purpose?
To confuse me, I'm willing to pretend to be a woman
Who supports you?
Maybe kill him here
My heart wouldn't be so confused
I don't know what you mean.
Brother Fu, I'm really Xu Wenjin
I'm really just Haonanfeng
You still don't believe me, do you?
What's wrong with me these days?
Not only did I forget the task
I also fell in love with a man
Full of money, you already take care of Baoxi yourself
What right do you have to like him?
Let's get out before your identity is exposed